hi everyone today I am doing the second
video to my Pretty Little Liars series
first video was Hanna's makeup and today
I'm going to be doing our Nia's makeup
I've already done a couple tutorials on
Aria but I decided that I wanted to go
ahead and do an updated one I just
absolutely love Arya's makeup I think
that's why I always do so many tutorials
on her I just think that her makeup is
gorgeous it's definitely something that
I would definitely work I really love
the way this turned out you would like
to learn how to get this makeup look
then just go ahead and keep on watching
to color the world I'm going to start by
priming my eyes this is going to ensure
me that my eyeshadow will stay on all
day noggins taking a mock brown color
I'm going to apply this to my crease to
add more dimension to the look Aria
always has a darker color
her width and on the trees so taking
this dark bronze color I'm going to
apply that on tight lid in patting
motion I am also going to blame it into
my crease so that the colors are all now
I'm going to take this white beige color
and apply that right beneath my brow I
am also going to virus to my inner
corners to make my eyes appear wider and
more awake taking this jumbo eye pencil
I'm going to use that to line my tight
line with a matte black color I'm going
to apply this onto my lower lash line
now I'm just going to curl my eyelashes
the eyelashes take your mascara that you
think adds the most recent to your
lashes area does have a really long
looking lashes
I'm taking the benefits typing and I'm
using that to apply to the upper areas
of my cheekbones down my nose and then
I'm just going to blend this and using
my ring area always has Rosie hooking
cheeks so I just took this rosy pink
looking blush and applied it to the
apples of my cheeks to finish off his
look I just took a pink rosy looking
lipstick and applied it to my lips this
is the completed look
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel
music call of the wild wife Laurie